What’s the matter? 
Where’s the pain? 
Have you taken your temperature?
For how long have you been feeling ill?
Where does it hurt?
Hey there, what's the issue?
Hey, How's it going?
Hey there, are you well?
Hi there, How are you today?
Well hello!
Morning!
Hello there, whats the problem?
Hi there, whats the problem? :)
How may I help you?
How may I help you today?
Try breathing slowly.
How are you today?
Hey, what's the issue?
How are you feeling today?
You’re welcome.
How can I help you?
Are there any diseases have you had in the past 6 months?
What have you eaten today?
That's why they call me a social doctor! :)
I am what they call an online doctor.
I am just trying social media as a way to interact with potential patients, Think of me as an social advice doctor.
What did you drink today?
Did you get injured recently?
Well, It sounds to me that you have got symptoms of the flu. 
You must take 2 aspirin tablets with water every four hours.
I recommend having plenty of rest.
Also, you must drink lots of fluids.
Send me a direct message and we can sort this issue out.
Do you get a regular checkup each year? 
You may have had this for months now.
Don’t worry.
There’s no serious problem.
These things often are stress related.
What seems to be the problem?
Are you still feeling nauseous?
I don’t think it’s too serious.
You’ve got to be vaccinated contact your local GP if the issue persists.
You must stay in bed and take medicine three times a day, after meals.
You must follow a diet, you need to rest and you shouldn’t worry.
You should consult a specialist.
If you're getting worried, you should contact a specialist.
I can only suggest that you going to your local GP.
It would be better if you went to the hospital.
Try to rest for a few days.
I've ruled out cramps as the problem.
Contact me if your problem still persists.
You should consult your local doctor immediately
Nope not that I know of.
This needs urgent medical attention if left for a prolonged time.
I'm hoping to get to the bottom of this soon.
You should consult your local GP.
I think you’ll have to stay in hospital for a week.
Hopefully, there won’t be any complications.
Those symptoms are common.
You should contact your GP They'll give you a prescription for that illness.
Take medicine three times a day / after meals / an hour before lunch.
You'll be well again.
Try to keep to a healthy routine or schedule, that always helps.
Talk again me if you don’t feel better.
Take care!
My hours are from 9 to 6 every day.
Good morning! What’s wrong with you?
Have you any other problem?
If your problem is more serious and needs the attention of a GP, your pharmacist will recognise this and advise you to see your GP instead.
You might have a slight fever... Don’t worry, there is nothing serious. 
You should be all right in a few days.
I'ts nothing serious right now.
I shall recommend at least two days rest for you.
Have you got any other questions?
Don’t worry.
Go to your GP or a walk-in centre for infected wounds if you notice swelling.
You should eat only light food for the pain to go away.
You might have some symptoms of a common cold.
You might have some symptoms of a IBS.
You might have some symptoms of stomach pain.
Go to your local GP if you are unsure.
If you are doubtful, I think you should go to your GP if any problems arise.
Often, that will mean swapping high-fat and/or high-sugar foods for alternatives that contain fewer calories, or eating these foods in smaller portions and less often.
You can drink milk and eat fresh fruit if that helps.
It’s all right.
Now, what is the matter with you?
Is it worse when lying down?
Well, tell me how you are suffering?
Are you troubled with headaches?
I see can you explain further?
Besides the pain, you said you have heartburn?
Tell me, What other symptoms do you have?
How long have you had this illness for?
If the pain persists, go to your local GP. 
Any other questions?
What sort of exercise do you take in the evening?
Hmm, I see. 
Well, you are evidently run down. I think you should rest immediately. 
All your troubles are signs of nervous exhaustion. 
You will be all right.
No need to worry, this is a common symptom.
Please, keep me in the loop.
Yes, you should take these medicines regularly three times daily.
No shortness of breath or gasping for breath or anything?
And so there’s no swelling anywhere?
Any intense headache or mental confusion or anything?
What is the problem you have?
How long have you had the symptom?
Have you had the symptom before, if so, what was done about it?
How bad is the symptom?
How do you symptoms affect your work or home life? you might want to send me a DM instead.
Do you take any medicines or supplements?
Have you had any previous surgeries?
Are you allergic for some reason?
Does anything appear to trigger the onset of the symptoms?
I wouldn't be worried about it honestly.
Do you take any medication?
Especially if it doesn't feel rock hard and you haven't noticed it. 
Could you please rephrase that?
I'm not quite sure what you are saying.
I'm not sure that makes sense to me.
Next time you see a doctor, have them take a look.
What do you feel?
What makes your symptoms better or worse?
Do you suffer from any allergies or adverse reactions to any drugs?
It looks like you have some symptoms, how often do these occur. 
Warm up properly before you exercise and cool down properly afterwards.
When possible try not to exercise or play sports when you're tired.
Take precautions against falling – keep stairs, walkways, gardens and driveways free of clutter, and in winter put sand or salt on icy spots outside your home.
Where possible, avoid running or walking on uneven surfaces.
Eat a healthy, balanced diet to help keep your joints and muscles strong.
I recommend taking some antibiotics for your illness.
No, thank you for conctacting me :)
Do you have a family history of this?
Thank you for getting in touch.
Do you have a family history of this?
Thank you, for your time, please keep in touch if you have any worries!
No please, thank you, for your time!
Do you smoke? Do you take any recreational drugs? Do you drink alcohol and how often?
Are there any other questions you'd like to ask?
I recommend
Has the pain been getting better or worse?
Does that answer your question?
Is that understood?
Does this information help you?
What hurts?
What are your symptoms?
Please clarify what your symptoms are.
How long has this been going on?
To put it this way, I can recommend you
Are there any other questions you would like to ask?
Do you feel uncomfortable with your illness?
You would know that your treatment is working if you take antibiotics regularly.
I would get in touch with your local GP for this matter.
It's recommended to rest alot, make sure to contact a specialist if it gets worse.
It's recommended to take some precautions with your symptoms.
I would make sure to contact a specialist if it gets worse.
Tell me how do you feel?
Please tell me how strong is the pain.
It looks like you pulled a muscle.
I can find nothing wrong with you.
Are you keeping yourself hydrated?
If the weakness and lightheadedness don't go away by Friday then its time to call your doctor.
Expect this to take 2+ weeks to clear up.
How long have you had this pain?
Tell me, in the last 2 months, have you eaten any kind of heavy food, or something different?
How strong is the pain? Lets say in a 1 to 10 scale?
How would you describe the intensity of the pain?
Is the pain continuous or does it come and go?
If you're able to give me some more background information?
I might be better able to help your problem.
How long it will take will depend greatly on the condition that you have and what sort of treatment is required. 
If it is something relatively straightforward, and it's just a case that you are in a small GPs practice with no GPs who are comfortable with your care then it should be a fairly straightforward procedure.
However if it is something that is rare then it may take a little longer to find a solution.
You can call or write to local GPs practices and see if they would be comfortable managing your issue.
You could always contact your consultant or hospital clinic directly.
I would recommend calling your GP for any information.
see if they are able to recommend any particular GPs or surgeries that they have a relationship with or who manage other patients with your condition.
Have you had this for months now?