What’s the matter? 
Where’s the pain? 
How are you today?
For how long have you been feeling ill?
Where does it hurt?
Hey there, How's it going?
Hi there, How are you today?
Well hello!
Morning!
Hello!
Hello there, whats the problem?
Hi there, whats the problem? :)
How may I help you?
How may I help you today?
Try breathing slowly.
Hi!
How are you?
Hello, How are you today?
Hello, How are you?
How are you on this fine day today?
Hey, what's the issue, I'd prefer to talk about this through a DM!
I think it's way better to DM me about your issues though.
I'd prefer to talk about your issue through a DM!
How are you feeling today? I think it's way better to DM me about your issues though.
Do you mind sending me a DM instead?
Do you mind DM'ing me instead? I think it's way better.
Hello there.
Hello there, Do you mind DM'ing me instead? I think it's way better.
Hello there, Do you mind sending me a DM instead?
You’ve got to be vaccinated contact your local GP if the issue persists.
You must stay in bed and take medicine three times a day, after meals.
You must follow a diet, you need to rest and you shouldn’t worry.
You should consult a specialist.
I can only suggest that you going to your local GP.
It would be better if you went to hospital.
Send me a DM if your problem still persists.
You should consult your local doctor immediately.
This needs urgent medical attention if left for a prolonged time.
I'm hoping to get to the bottom of this soon.
You should consult your local GP.
Those symptoms are common, if you're in a hurry please get in touch via a DM.
You should contact your GP They'll give you a prescription for that illness.
Take medicine three times a day / after meals / an hour before lunch.
You'll be well again.
Try to keep to a healthy routine or schedule, that always helps.
Tweet me if you don’t feel better.
Take care!
Good morning! What’s wrong with you today?
If your problem is more serious and needs the attention of a GP, your pharmacist will recognise this and advise you to see your GP instead.
You might have a slight fever... Don’t worry, there is nothing serious. 
You should be all right in a few days.
Do you have any questions?
Go to your GP or a walk-in centre for infected wounds if you notice swelling.
You should eat only light food for the pain to go away.
You might have some symptoms of a common cold.
You might have some symptoms of IBS.
You might have some symptoms of stomach pain.
Go to your local GP if you are unsure.
If you are doubtful, I think you should go to your GP if any problems arise.
You can drink milk and eat fresh fruit if that helps.
It’s all right.
Now, what is the matter with you?
Is it worse when lying down?
Well, tell me how you are suffering?
Are you troubled with headaches?
I see can you explain further, we might continue this in a DM if you're happy to.
If the pain persists, go to your local GP. 
Any other questions?
What sort of exercise do you take in the evening?
Hmm, I see.
I see, it would be best to clarify more in a DM.
I see, you can DM me about this if this is private.
I see, get in touch via DM privately if you are worried.
I see, get in touch via DM privately if you are worried, I won't judge, I promise.
I promise I won't judge! :)
Well, you are evidently run down. I think you should rest immediately. 
No need to worry, this is a common symptom.
Thank you, please keep me in the loop.
Yes, you should take these medicines regularly three times daily.
No shortness of breath or gasping for breath or anything?
And so there’s no swelling anywhere?
What is the problem you have?
How long have you had the symptom?
Have you had the symptom before, if so, what was done about it?
How bad is the pain, if you have any?
How do you symptoms affect your work or home life? you might want to send me a DM instead.
Do you take any medicines or supplements?
Have you had any previous surgeries?
Are you allergic for some reason?
Does anything appear to trigger the onset of the symptoms?
I wouldn't be worried about it honestly.
Do you take any medication?
Especially if it doesn't feel rock hard and you haven't noticed it. 
Next time you see a doctor, have them take a look.
What do you feel?
What makes your symptoms better or worse?
Do you suffer from any allergies or adverse reactions to any drugs?
We can continue this over through a private message!
I recommend taking some antibiotics for your illness.
No, thank you for conctacting me. :)
Do you have a family history of this?
I'm afraid I don't understand.
I don't understand your problem quite well.
I'm not quite sure what you mean?
Please clarify.
Hi there! Please! DM me about this!
Thank you for getting in touch.
Do you have a family history of this?
Thank you, for your time, please keep in touch if you have any worries!
Thank you, for your time!
Thank you for your time lmk how you're getting on :)
What are your symptoms?
Clarify for me please?
How long has this been going on?
To put it this way, I can recommend you
Are there any other questions you would like to ask?
Do you feel uncomfortable with your illness?
You would know that your treatment is working if you take antibiotics regularly.
I would get in touch with your local GP for this matter.
It's recommended to rest alot, make sure to contact a specialist if it gets worse.
It's recommended to take some precautions with your symptoms.
I would make sure to contact a specialist if it gets worse.
Please send a private message if this concerns you alot.
Don't worry, Send me a private message about this.
Please get in touch with me via private message if this concerns you alot!
Tell me, in the last 2 months, have you eaten any kind of heavy food, or something different?
Is the pain continuous or does it come and go?
Give me some background information with a DM instead.
It might be better to DM me instead rather than a tweet for me to help you!